Modify rule S3456: Raise on ReadOnlySpan.ToArray() (#1431)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3456/csharp/rule.adoc

``++ToCharArray++`` can be omitted when the operation on the array could have been done directly on the string, such as when iterating over the characters in a string, and when accessing a character in a string via an array index. In those cases, explicit ``++ToCharArray++`` calls should be omitted.

> The same applies for ``++ToArray++`` invocations on u8-string, targeting C# 11 and afterwards.

Reviewer: The official name on MSDN is :UTF-8 string literal (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-11#utf-8-string-literals).
However the rule will raise for any ReadonlySpan so maybe we should mention here that actually the UTF-8 string lietrals are of type ReadOnlySpan<byte> and the rule will raise for them too.

``ToCharArray`` can be omitted when the operation on the array could have been done directly on the string, such as when iterating over the characters in a string, and when accessing a character in a string via an array index. In those cases, explicit ``ToCharArray`` calls should be omitted.

The same applies for ``ToArray`` invocations on ``ReadOnlySpan<T>``, targeting C# 11 and afterwards.

> UTF-8 string literals are also impacted, as they are of type ``ReadOnlySpan<byte>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C#11 introduced support for UTF-8 string literals, which are stored as `ReadOnlySpan<byte>` objects.
For that reason, the rule also raises on `ToArray` invocations of `ReadOnlySpan<T>`.
```
